Everyone.
So now we're going to discuss the first problem in which we need to find the subsets of a given string
of sample input as ABC.
And you can see these are the possible subsets that we can have.
So what is substrate?
So substrate as a small part of the string, which may or may not contain continuous letters?
Okay.
So if we have like the three letters, then for every letter we have two options.
Either it will be a part of the substrate or it will be not.
It will be part of the substrate, are not part of the subject or not.
Okay.
So that means we have to enter to and do that as a number of options to create subjects.
And, you know, if we exclude all, then it is a null subset of include all.
Then it is ABC.
If you include ABC, then it as we see if included B, then it is maybe if we have this one, ignore
this one or take this one, then it is a similarly we have a B, ABC, a B, so these are the eight
possible options that we can have.
Now we need an algorithm that computes this and prints all the subjects.
So let's see how we can do it.
So first of all, we had having input.
Okay.
So the idea here is if you try to break this problem recursively, what are you going to do in order
to find subsets of ABC?
I can see I will make this as a sub problem.
Finding subsets of the remaining string as is a problem led to the string.
Start from I then from my plus one the the last.
Is this a problem that will be solved by recursion?
And I'm only worried about what I can do at this particular point with I can actually make two copies,
a subset in which is present a subset and which is not present.
And I can do a get going, find the subsets of b c, okay.
So null with subsets of b c and how do you find subsets of B C, let us recursively we have the subsets
of these.
These are it would be B or it would be C or it would be busy or it would be null.
So if you append to avoid them, it would give you a B, it would give you a C, it would give you a,
b, c, and it would give you an error.
If you find subsets of b, c, it's b c.
B c.
And not okay.
I'm not writing at a rate and in no particular order, but if you add a null with all of them, that
means you have not taken.
Okay, so here we say okay.
EG along with subsets of B.C and there we say don't take it, don't take it, but subsets of bases.
So it becomes nothing but b c messy and null.
Okay.
If you talk about these food and these food, these are the age subsets that we were talking about.
I guess ABC will give you to do that as all subjects.
And with these four, you actually make two copies, one with it and one without.
One with and one without.
So this gives us a hint of how.
How to compute or how to solve this problem effectively.
Let's again that I draw that equation three and see how this problem will actually get solved.
So let's say we have this in.
That is initially A, B, C and analytic.
Let's have another output area that is initially empty.
Let me call it as input.
Let me call it as output again.
This is also empty.
Okay.
Now I put the pointer variable equal to zero hit and I put a j equal to zero ahead.
So in the beginning, I'm going to make two calls.
Look, I'm going to pass this error in the calls.
If that means if I'm using the error, it will be shared across all the function calls.
I really need to have do some work as well.
So when it's okay, let's make a function call and we will take a.
So what we will get we will get ahead on this input point that I will move to.
Okay.
So we are standing at B again in this call, what we're going to do and in this call that will happen
a little later on, what we are going to do, we are not going to take it.
So if if you take it, then they will move to this index.
And if you don't take, they will still remain here.
They will still remain here.
So now what is going to happen, as we discussed, when you're going to come back from this call to
this call, this call will actually have a hit.
And then you're going to make this call.
This call will also have it here.
But that it is not going to matter a lot because we are going to override it.
Okay.
Just make our daughter stay here.
We don't want to take this, but it will be present because of the backtracking that is same across
all the function calls.
So now let us first focus on this goal.
So at this point, I moved to one place ahead.
I will go ahead and also jump to one index I had because by reading one input letter, you have copied
one letter in the output.
Okay.
Now in this function, call what you're going to see.
Okay, I will take B and I will not take you will again make to function calls.
If you take B, then we will come here.
And if you don't take B, then this would look something like this.
Okay.
And if you take me, the G will move one step ahead.
Then in the next function call, I will jump to one more step ahead.
Okay.
And similarly here also, we will be doing the same calls.
If you take me, it would look something like this.
If you don't take me, it would look something like this.
Okay.
I'm now in the final step we have I would as equal to see some of you may ask why are we trying these
calls in parallel?
These calls will not win by little.
They would be in the left right outlet, but just not.
We will forget the state.
Then we will come back to this particular point.
I'm just drawing in parallel.
Okay.
So J will be it on J would be here.
And if you take C here, it would be something like this.
A, b, c.
And David jump here if you don't think it would be like this a be and you can see they would be here
if you take C, it would be like a c if you don't see it would be like it.
Only if you take it it would be b c.
And if you don't take, it would be like me.
If you take C, it would be like C, if you don't X, it would be like, no.
Okay.
So this is going to be not necessary.
So I've drawn it here.
Okay.
So now we're going to jump to the final point in the final set.
This I would be this index.
I that is note.
So if it is null, we will put the null at the G8 index and we will print this out.
So we put an alert on.
We are going to print as we put an allele and we're going to print this.
But this is this is actually the recall agenda for this particular problem.
Okay.
But some of you may ask how how these calls are being made.
And so what will happen is, firstly, now I will show you the exact flow of records and actually will
work.
Firstly, this call will happen from here.
This call will happen from here.
This call will happen when you're in this particular call.
Rest.
Everything has not happened yet.
Okay?
Remember that everything is yet to happen from this step.
This is all it is happening.
Okay.
So at this particular point.
You have your buddies here and you have accepted all the letters from them.
But like before there it is, the ABC.
No, but from this point we have done the printing.
We will get our first output, that is ABC on the basis of this.
It had done so.
When we that are done, we will go back.
One step back, we'll go one, one step back.
Okay.
So I've actually that would have been one more step like this one ABC and all was not hit.
And from here we go, one step back in which J is going to come here and J was actually it.
So this is actually the base case again.
This is actually the base case.
So I had less space to draw.
So I draw the base is in the same output, but that would be another call for the base case than the
base case we are building on.
We are pending downward and we are going back to when you are going back, this array and this area
are actually same, so you will actually have an earlier okay, but j will be at this from it.
You will not get my work.
My work is done.
I have printed whatever is to be done for the remaining output and we will again go back.
Okay.
So when you are coming back in this particular array, what you will see, you will have actually a
C here and you will actually have a null.
Okay.
But J would be at this particular index.
And when you're going to make this call, you are going to say, let us put output of G equal to null.
Okay.
So basically.
This value was already nil and you are overwriting this particular C with null and then you are making
a call in the base case in which you are doing okay.
AB null and you're making this at this particular index, which is again and you are printing this output
which evaluates to Abby again when you're going to come back from here, this is actually going to be
Abby Nail and that is what is going to you're going to see that Abby NULL But again, when you're going
to make a call here, the value of J is not going to change.
The value of J would be.
So when you include something in your input, you said J goes to J plus one.
But when you don't include something in your output, sorry.
When you include something in your output.
J goes to the plus one.
And if you don't include did you mean that's the same index?
T Now this array will be actually Abby here even.
Okay.
And you are going to override the data index with some extra information.
Now your input I in this call is that actually see what you're going to do, you're going to override
the data index with C, so this B will get overwritten with the value of C and you will end up getting
like AC here.
Okay, this is what is going to happen.
Then again, when you're going to back this out, it would be actually easy.
Then you again come here, you will override it and then you again come back.
You again come back.
It would be something like anal null and you again go back.
It would be like anal and then you go ahead.
But J is not changed.
J is at this particular index.
Then you get the error and you're going to override this with the value of B, because in this function
call, the AI is at particular index B, so this is actually how it's a little complex.
Okay.
But just for the sake of simplicity, I forced Broderick Legendary.
Now I'm telling you what is happening.
I believe not when you're going back on how we're overwriting the existing values in the edit and this
rule I will not need a backtracking step, but what we are actually doing is we are overwriting the
previous output with the new output.
Okay.
So what you would have also done is you could have overwritten the previous output with a null and rendered
and then you output.
But overwriting a previous output with the new output is also fine.
Okay.
So we had overriding previous output.
With new output again.
But this is actually about tracking problem, right?
Because when we're going back, we need to do some changes in the area and we are exploring the entire
search space.
We are trying to find all possible solutions using backtracking.
We are finding all possible solutions.
Okay.
And these are all possible solutions that we are looking at.
So I hope you understood the concept.
And in the next lecture, I will show you how you can write the code for this problem using a character
editing.
Okay.
So let's see in the next lecture.